SOLR-16228: Audit how we refer to Solr Modules (#889)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/configuration-guide/pages/solr-modules.adoc

// specific language governing permissions and limitations
// under the License.

Solr Modules are addon Solr plugins that are not part of solr-core, but officially maintained
by the Solr project. They provide well-defined features such as the "extracting" module which lets
users index rich text documents with Apache Tika. A single module can contain multiple Plugins.
Modules were earlier known as "contribs".

Each module produces a separate `.jar` file in the build, and any additional dependencies required
are also packaged with the module and therefore included for you. This helps keep the main core of Solr
small and lean.

== Installing a module

The easiest way to enable a module is to list the modules you intend to use either in the
system property `solr.modules` or in the environment variable `SOLR_MODULES` (e.g. in `solr.in.sh`
or `solr.in.cmd`). You can also add a `<str name="modules">` tag to
xref:configuration-guide:configuring-solr-xml.adoc[solr.xml]. The expected value is a comma separated list
of module names, e.g. `SOLR_MODULES=extracting,ltr`. This will add
them to the shared class loader, making them available to every collection in Solr.

> 

Author: i like the more user centric phrase.

You can also specify the modules to include when using the Solr CLI to start Solr:

[source,bash]
----
bin/solr start -e techproducts -Dsolr.modules=scripting
----

NOTE: If you only wish to enable a module for a single collection, you may add `<lib>` tags to `solrconfig.xml`
as explained in xref:configuration-guide:libs.adoc[Lib Directories].   This technically isn't considered enabling

> a module, as you are instead just loading all the jars in the module's `lib/` folder, thus enabling all that module' plugins.

Author: I went to take it out, but I don't think there is anything on `solr-module.adoc` mention `<lib>` approach...   am I misreading it?

users index rich text documents with Apache Tika. A single module can contain multiple Plugins.
Modules were earlier known as "contribs".

Each module produces a separate `.jar` file in the build, packaged in the module's `lib/` directory.
All additional dependencies required by the module, and not provided by Solr core, are also packaged there.
This helps keep the main core of Solr small and lean.

== Installing a module

The easiest way to enable a module is to list the modules you intend to use either in the
system property `solr.modules` or in the environment variable `SOLR_MODULES` (e.g. in `solr.in.sh`
or `solr.in.cmd`). You can also add a `<str name="modules">` tag to your
xref:configuration-guide:configuring-solr-xml.adoc[solr.xml]. The expected value is a comma separated list
of module names, e.g. `SOLR_MODULES=extracting,ltr`. This will make the functionality of configured Modules
available to every collection in Solr.

You can also specify the modules to include when using the Solr CLI to start Solr:

[source,bash]
----
bin/solr start -e techproducts -Dsolr.modules=scripting
----

> NOTE: If you only wish to enable a module for a single collection, you may add `<lib>` tags to `solrconfig.xml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you only wish to enable a module for certain collections, you may add `<lib>` tags to `solrconfig.xml` in applicable configset(s).
```

as explained in xref:configuration-guide:libs.adoc[Lib Directories].
Collection-level plugins will work if the module is enabled either per collection (`<lib>`) or for the whole Solr node.

> Cluster-level plugins will not work when using the `<lib>` option, they must be enabled for the entire Solr node, as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node-level plugins such as those specified in `solr.xml` will not work when using the `<lib>` option in `solrconfig.xml` because configsets configure collections, not the node.  They must be enabled for the entire Solr node, as described above.
```

I'm not sure we speak of "Cluster level"; node is clearer.
